The king of blood is here
I see who of you dares to mess with shit
Didn't that bitch say the mission was complete?
How is he standing here?
The fourth strong man is born
That's the one who rides the Raylon smart
The ultimate powerhouse who destroyed most of the Martial God Dao
That's the one who came out of the night of the strange
The king of blood who still doesn't know his name?
Big eater
Didn't Master Thick Eyebrows just say that it is in the big scene?
Did you admit defeat in private?
It must be that the price is not negotiated.
Big stomach king sitting on the ground starting price
backtrack
Long Fei, is that you, master?
Long time no see you
You are Long Fei who has disappeared for a long time
It's incredible.
Feilong Martial Arts Hall actually promoted three dancers at the same time
To the top four of the World Martial Arts Conference
Friends
A Three Grandmasters
What a wonder of the world this is
I am a strong man, I am a martial artist
I am a great man
He is Long Fei
How could this be?
I used to despise that fool.
It turned out to be my previous idol Long Fei
What did Curator Lee just say?
He said he was Long Fei 14.
What's going on?
Miss, you heard right
He really said that.
And the Great King replied to him, long time no see.
Xiaolu, do you know he is Long Fei today?
I don't know either. Wait a minute.
When did he get back to normal?
He deceived us.
When I repaired his dantian meridian
He must have recovered
I also let him kill innocent
ridiculous
When we were discussing
This guy? He's right there.
It's just so insidious
That's not him.
If, as you say, he is a villain
Class retreat
Then why was he fished out of the river by me?
And why?
Can help our little summit martial arts hall
forest deep leaf
You have personally diagnosed a broken dantian before
Is the broken meridian fake?
There must be something hidden in the input.
We go out on a date to get it together
OK, that's settled.
The top four groups have been released
The first group is having our dragon position
versus principle guest
The second group is having our Li Changlong against Long Fei